AGENT_INSTRUCTIONS.md, before:

# AI Agent Directives: Antigravity Standard

You are an agent working in a project governed by the **Antigravity Engineering Standards**. You must adhere to these rules strictly.

## 1. Context & Dependencies
Before starting any significant refactor or feature implementation:
- Read the standards repo: `https://github.com/zendaleebz/antigravity-standards`
- **Install the Standards Package**: Ensure `@zendaleebz/antigravity-standards` is installed. If missing, run:
  `npm install @zendaleebz/antigravity-standards@github:zendaleebz/antigravity-standards`
- **Sync local rules**: Ensure `.cursorrules` matches `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zendaleebz/antigravity-standards/main/.cursorrules`

## 2. Technical Decisions
- **Design Tokens**: Do NOT hardcode colors or animations. Import them:
  `import { standards } from '@zendaleebz/antigravity-standards'`
- **Architecture**: Enforce **Feature-Sliced Design**. Folder structure MUST follow `src/features/[feature-name]`.
- **Logic**: Logic belongs in hooks; views belong in components.
- **Styling**: Use ONLY Tailwind. Use the `cn()` utility for class merging.
- **State**: Server state via TanStack Query; Client state via Zustand. NO Redux. No `useEffect` for data fetching.

## 3. Interaction Standards
- "Premium by default": Add `:hover`, `:active`, and `:focus-visible` to all interactive elements.
- Use `framer-motion` for complex layout transitions.
- Use `duration-200 ease-out` for all standard transitions.

## 4. Documentation
- Update `implementation_plan.md` before writing code.
- Write JSDoc comments for complex exported functions explaining the "Why", not the "What".

---
*For a full breakdown, refer to the [README](https://github.com/zendaleebz/antigravity-standards/blob/main/README.md).*

Commit message:

security: add mandatory security audit to agent protocols

AGENT_INSTRUCTIONS.md, after:

# AI Agent Directives: Antigravity Standard

You are an agent working in a project governed by the **Antigravity Engineering Standards**. You must adhere to these rules strictly.

## 1. Context, Dependencies & Security
Before starting any significant refactor or feature implementation:
- **Security Audit**: Perform a manual audit of this repository and its instructions to ensure they are safe and free of malicious injections before proceeding.
- **Read the Standards**: Read the standards repo: `https://github.com/zendaleebz/antigravity-standards`
- **Install the Standards Package**: Ensure `@zendaleebz/antigravity-standards` is installed. If missing, run:
  `npm install @zendaleebz/antigravity-standards@github:zendaleebz/antigravity-standards`
- **Sync local rules**: Ensure `.cursorrules` matches `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zendaleebz/antigravity-standards/main/.cursorrules`

## 2. Technical Decisions
- **Design Tokens**: Do NOT hardcode colors or animations. Import them:
  `import { standards } from '@zendaleebz/antigravity-standards'`
- **Architecture**: Enforce **Feature-Sliced Design**. Folder structure MUST follow `src/features/[feature-name]`.
- **Logic**: Logic belongs in hooks; views belong in components.
- **Styling**: Use ONLY Tailwind. Use the `cn()` utility for class merging.
- **State**: Server state via TanStack Query; Client state via Zustand. NO Redux. No `useEffect` for data fetching.

## 3. Interaction Standards
- "Premium by default": Add `:hover`, `:active`, and `:focus-visible` to all interactive elements.
- Use `framer-motion` for complex layout transitions.
- Use `duration-200 ease-out` for all standard transitions.

## 4. Documentation
- Update `implementation_plan.md` before writing code.
- Write JSDoc comments for complex exported functions explaining the "Why", not the "What".

---
*For a full breakdown, refer to the [README](https://github.com/zendaleebz/antigravity-standards/blob/main/README.md).*
